SDEMO-126 add documentation (#13)
silverstripeltd/startup-theme-components: README.md

The Elemental module is a popular and essential add-on to Silverstripe CMS. It replaces the standard `Content` field on 
a page with an `ElementalArea` field. This enables content authors to compose webpages from sets of Elements - also 
known as Blocks. Find the full developer documentation for Elemental [here](https://docs.silverstripe.org/en/5/optional_features/elemental/).

Startup Theme Components (STC) already has some basic Elemental setup. We have created a Blocks Page model found at 
src/PageTypes/BlocksPage.php, and this has the DNADesign\Elemental\Extensions\ElementalPageExtension applied (see 
_config.startup.yml to see extension configurations). Add a Blocks Page via the CMS and add blocks to the page. STC 
comes with pre-defined block types: **Content Block** and **Image & Text Block**. For information on creating custom 
block types, see the [documentation](https://docs.silverstripe.org/en/5/optional_features/elemental/defining-you-own-elements/). 

### [Silverstripe Menu Manager](https://github.com/WPP-Public/akqa-nz-silverstripe-menumanager)
Menu Manager lets you define custom menus in the CMS, and use them in templates. STC ships with a Main Menu and a Footer

> Menu. The menus can be edited in the CMS via the "Menus" link in the admin menu. Check the [README](https://github.com/WPP-Public/akqa-nz-silverstripe-menumanager#silverstripe-menu-manager).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Menu, edit these via the "Menus" link in the CMS admin. For more info on creating new menus, check the [README](https://github.com/WPP-Public/akqa-nz-silverstripe-menumanager#silverstripe-menu-manager).
```

## Other customisations
There have been some other useful extensions added to core Silverstripe models, to demonstrate how their data can be 
customised.

> * **Site Config Extension** - The Site Config has been extended to include fields for the footer copyright line and a 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Site Config Extension** - The Site Config has been extended to include a field for the footer copyright line, and a 
```

> custom link button for the site header. Site Config extensions are very useful for providing global data that you'll 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
custom link button for the site header. Site Config extensions are useful for providing global data, so
```

> need to access site wide, and you'll find a Site Config Extension in almost every Silverstripe project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
you'll find one in almost every Silverstripe project.
```

* **Page Extension** - An Intro field and option to hide the sibling menu are added to the base Page type.

> * **Image Extension** - Adds field to customise the `alt` attribute for images.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Image Extension** - Adds a field to customise the `alt` attribute for images.
```

# startup-theme-components

This module extends the Startup theme with some commonly used modules, and some example models to get you started.

## Included Modules

### [Silverstripe Elemental](https://github.com/silverstripe/silverstripe-elemental)
The Elemental module is one of the most popular and essential add-ons to Silverstripe CMS. Elememtal replaces the
standard `Content` field on a page with an `ElementalArea` field. This enables content authors to compose webpages

> from sets of Elements - also known as Blocks. Full developer documentation for Elemental can be [found here](https://docs.silverstripe.org/en/5/optional_features/elemental/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
from sets of Elements - also known as Blocks. Find the full developer documentation for Elemental [here](https://docs.silverstripe.org/en/5/optional_features/elemental/).
```

> Startup Theme Components (STC) already has some basic Elemental setup done for you. We have created a Blocks Page model 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Startup Theme Components (STC) already has some basic Elemental setup. We have created a Blocks Page model 
```

> found at src/PageTypes/BlocksPage.php, and this has had the DNADesign\Elemental\Extensions\ElementalPageExtension 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
found at src/PageTypes/BlocksPage.php, and this has the DNADesign\Elemental\Extensions\ElementalPageExtension 
```

> applied to it (see _config.startup.yml to see all the extension configuration included with STC). Blocks pages can be

Reviewer: ```suggestion
applied (see _config.startup.yml to see extension configurations). Add a Blocks page 
```

> added via the CMS and blocks can be added to those pages. STC comes with a Content Block and an Image & Text Block, see

Reviewer: ```suggestion
via the CMS and add blocks to the page. STC comes with pre-defined block types: **Content Block** and **Image & Text Block**.
```

> the [documentation](https://docs.silverstripe.org/en/5/optional_features/elemental/defining-you-own-elements/) for 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For information on creating custom block types, see the [documentation](https://docs.silverstripe.org/en/5/optional_features/elemental/defining-you-own-elements/).
```

> information on creating your own block types. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

### [Silverstripe Menu Manager](https://github.com/WPP-Public/akqa-nz-silverstripe-menumanager)
Menu Manager lets you define custom menus in the CMS, and use them in templates. STC ships with a Main Menu and a Footer
Menu. The menus can be edited in the CMS via the "Menus" link in the admin menu. Check the [REAADME](https://github.com/WPP-Public/akqa-nz-silverstripe-menumanager?tab=readme-ov-file#silverstripe-menu-manager)

> for full documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

## Other customisations
There have been some other useful extensions added to core Silverstripe models, to demonstrate how their data can be customised.

> * **Site Config Extension** - The Site Config has been extended to include fields for the copyright line in the footer 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Site Config Extension** - The Site Config has been extended to include fields for the footer copyright line
```

and a custom link button for the site header. Site Config extensions are very useful for providing global data that 
you'll need to access site wide, and you'll find a Site Config Extension in almost every Silverstripe project.
* **Page Extension** - An Intro field and option to hide the sibling menu are added to the base Page type.

> * **Image Extension** - Adds field to add an `alt` attribute to images.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Image Extension** - Adds field to customise the `alt` attribute to images.
```
